*Project:* The Roaring 'Twenties
*Project Directors:*
*Project URL:* http://nycitynoise.com/

## Introduction
"The Roaring Twenties" Digitl Humanities project is currently a draft that is under review. This project aims to recreate the environemnt in New York City in the late 1920s. The Roaring Twenties was a wild time with constant noise throughout the streets. The purpose of this project is for users to learn about the complained noise complaints through, complaints, newsreels, and writing letters to the Mayor and Comission of Health. Throughout this site the location, descritpiton, and auditory of varying noise complaints can be explored.

## Credits




## Design
There are five buttons that take the user to different parts of the project. Clicking the "Intro" button allows the user to read about the in depth description of the project's purpose. Within the "Sound" button there are many sources of inner city noises that recieved complaints during the Roaring Twenties. There is a timeline of the occurance of the types of noise complaints when the user clicks the "Time" button. The "Info" button provides background knowledge of different aspects of the project. The button "Space" places the noise complaints on a modern and 1933 map of NYC to specify the location of each.

The project is accesible on desktop, laptop and smart phones. Not matter how the user chooses to access this project, it is easy to navigate through it's entirety. 

The zoom feature is very helpful on the map. This allows the user to be able to focus on a certain location in New York City. Additionally, since the icons are very close to one another so being able to zoom in allows focus on each icon.

## Maps
One section of the project allows the user to flip between two different maps of New York City, a modern map and a map from 1933. On the map icons are placed to represent the location of noise complaints that occured. Although it is beneficial to include a map to create a visual representation, the modern map is unnessary because the content is from the Roaring Twenties. Having two different maps is pointless since the maps aren't geographically differnt at all.

## Button Features
Under the "info" tab there is a historical narrative that describes the Roaring Twenties in great detail. Although this has potential to benfically aid the project, the font is very blurry and impossible to read. The quality needs to be improved in order for the user to be able to read the content and benefit from it.

The "Time" button chronologically sorts each noise complaint by the date. This is a positive feature that gives context to all the noise complaints in time relation to one another. It also paints a mental picture of the order of those complaints through NYC during the Roaring Twenties.

The "Sound" tab seems very unnecessary because the content could be included under the appropriate icons on the map. By clicking on the objects in the list, the user can select from noise complaints relating to that noise maker or videos. The noise complaints and related information is already provided on the map since all the noise complaints are displayed. Embedding the relatable videos into some of the icons on the map would benefit the user more. This would allow all the information and content of each noise complaint to be accessible in one place instead of having to click through multiple screens.

## Conclusion
This project displays noise complaints that occured all throught New York City during the Roaring Twenties. Embedding a map, timeline, videos, descriptions, and sources of the noise complaints clearly depicts the audio disturbance during this period. This project effectively portrays noise complaints that occured all around NYC during the Roaring Twenties.
